contributing: add DCO requirement (#272)
linux-system-roles/network: contributing.md

how to write a good commit message). This content is licensed under 
[CC-BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

### Sign off your commit. 

> You need to sign off your commit. By adding your 'Signed-off-by' line to the commit messages you adhere to Developer Certificate of Origin requirements. Here is the text of the [DCO](https://developercertificate.org/): 

Reviewer: Thank you. Please wrap the line at 88 characters. It might also be possible to shorten it a little and adding the git command to the top might make it more likely to be noticed

```suggestion
You need to sign off your commit. By adding your 'Signed-off-by' line to the commit messages you adhere to the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).

Use the `-s` command-line option to append the `Signed-of-by` line when committing your code:
￼
￼`$ git commit -s`

This is the full text of the DCO:
```

What do you think?

license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
```

> Git has a `-s` command line option to append this automatically:

Reviewer: Please consider moving this to the top (see the other comment).
